here in London we've explored
the oldest part of your brain
the brain stem and our next stop
is the hippocampus where your
brain processes memory to get
started let's meet some royalty
here are eight paintings of
British kings and queens
we've got Kings george the 1st
2nd and 3rd Queens victoria and
and King William the fourth King
Edward the seventh and queen
elizabeth the second now
can you recall all our kings and
queens or do we give you too
many names and not enough time
well take a look at the sentence
instead believe it or not
guarding giraffes guarantees
victory and will eliminate
extinction might just give your
memory a big boost
look closely at the first letter
of each word
this sentence is actually what's
called a mnemonic device a
memory shortcut and using the
words of this sentence
can you remember our kings and
queens now with a little help
were you able to place George
George George victoria and
William Edward and Elizabeth
pretty impressive trick right